README.md, before:

# Real Estate Leadbot

![Real Estate Leadbot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Real_Estate_Leadbot-v1.0-blue.svg)  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8%2B-yellowgreen.svg)  
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey.svg)  
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In%20Progress-orange.svg)  

---

## Overview

Welcome to the **Real Estate Leadbot** repository! This lightweight Python tool is designed to help real estate agents and investors automate their lead generation process. It scrapes "For Sale By Owner" (FSBO) listings from Zillow and sends daily lead reports via email using SendGrid. With this tool, you can save time and focus on closing deals instead of searching for leads manually.

You can find the latest releases of the Real Estate Leadbot [here](https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public/releases). Please download the necessary files and execute them to get started.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Features

- **Automated Scraping**: The bot automatically scrapes FSBO listings from Zillow, ensuring you have the latest leads.
- **Daily Reports**: Receive daily email reports with new leads, making it easy to stay updated.
- **Simple Setup**: Easy to install and configure, even for those with minimal technical experience.
- **Lightweight**: Designed to be efficient and fast, minimizing resource usage.
- **Email Integration**: Uses SendGrid for reliable email delivery.

## Installation

To install the Real Estate Leadbot, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:  
   Open your terminal and run the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Directory**:  
   Change to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd real_estate_leadbot_public
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:  
   Use pip to install the required Python packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Download and Execute**:  
   Visit the [Releases](https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public/releases) section to download the latest version of the bot. Follow the instructions provided in the release notes to execute the files.

## Usage

After installation, you can start using the Real Estate Leadbot. Here’s how:

1. **Run the Bot**:  
   Execute the main script:
   ```bash
   python leadbot.py
   ```

2. **Check the Logs**:  
   The bot will log its activity. Check the logs to ensure it is scraping listings correctly.

3. **Email Reports**:  
   After running the bot, you will receive an email with the latest FSBO leads. Make sure to check your inbox!

## Configuration

To customize the bot for your needs, you can modify the configuration file. Here’s how:

1. **Open the Configuration File**:  
   Locate `config.json` in the project directory.

2. **Edit the Settings**:  
   Adjust the settings as needed:
   - **Email Settings**: Configure your SendGrid API key and email address.
   - **Scraping Settings**: Set parameters for the scraping process, such as the location and property types.

3. **Save Changes**:  
   Save the configuration file before running the bot again.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Real Estate Leadbot! Here’s how you can help:

1. **Fork the Repository**:  
   Click the "Fork" button on the top right of this page to create your own copy of the repository.

2. **Create a Branch**:  
   Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature-name
   ```

3. **Make Changes**:  
   Implement your changes and commit them:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Description of changes"
   ```

4. **Push to Your Fork**:  
   Push your changes back to your fork:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature-name
   ```

5. **Create a Pull Request**:  
   Go to the original repository and create a pull request. We will review your changes and merge them if they meet our guidelines.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

If you have any questions or need support, feel free to reach out:

- **Email**: your-email@example.com
- **GitHub**: [Your GitHub Profile](https://github.com/your-profile)

Thank you for checking out the Real Estate Leadbot! We hope it helps you streamline your lead generation process. Don't forget to visit the [Releases](https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public/releases) section for updates and new features.

Commit message:

Add configurable leadbot with CSV export and UI

README.md, after:

# Real Estate Leadbot

![Real Estate Leadbot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Real_Estate_Leadbot-v1.0-blue.svg)  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8%2B-yellowgreen.svg)  
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightgrey.svg)  
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-In%20Progress-orange.svg)  

---

## Overview

Welcome to the **Real Estate Leadbot** repository! This lightweight Python tool is designed to help real estate agents and investors automate their lead generation process. It scrapes "For Sale By Owner" (FSBO) listings from Zillow and sends daily lead reports via email using SendGrid. With this tool, you can save time and focus on closing deals instead of searching for leads manually.

You can find the latest releases of the Real Estate Leadbot [here](https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public/releases). Please download the necessary files and execute them to get started.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Features

- **Automated Scraping**: The bot automatically scrapes FSBO listings from Zillow, ensuring you have the latest leads.
- **Daily Reports**: Receive daily email reports with new leads, making it easy to stay updated.
- **Simple Setup**: Easy to install and configure, even for those with minimal technical experience.
- **Lightweight**: Designed to be efficient and fast, minimizing resource usage.
- **Email Integration**: Uses SendGrid for reliable email delivery.

## Installation

To install the Real Estate Leadbot, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**:  
   Open your terminal and run the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Directory**:  
   Change to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd real_estate_leadbot_public
   ```

3. **Install Dependencies**:  
   Use pip to install the required Python packages:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. **Download and Execute**:  
   Visit the [Releases](https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public/releases) section to download the latest version of the bot. Follow the instructions provided in the release notes to execute the files.

## Usage

After installation, you can start using the Real Estate Leadbot. Here’s how:

1. **Run the Bot**:  
   Execute the main script:
   ```bash
   python leadbot.py
   ```

2. **Check the Logs**:  
   The bot will log its activity. Check the logs to ensure it is scraping listings correctly.

3. **Email Reports**:  
   After running the bot, you will receive an email with the latest FSBO leads. Make sure to check your inbox!

## Configuration

The bot now uses a `config.json` file for all of its settings, making it simple
to tweak regions, price spread and more. Follow these steps to customise it:

1. **Open the Configuration File**:  
   Locate `config.json` in the project directory.

2. **Edit the Settings**:  
   Adjust the settings as needed:
   - **Email Settings**: Configure your SendGrid API key and email addresses.
   - **Regions**: Provide a comma separated list of ZIP codes to search.
   - **Discount Threshold**: Percentage under the average price that qualifies a listing as a lead.
   - **Output CSV**: File path where scraped leads will be written.

3. **Save Changes**:
   Save the configuration file before running the bot again or use the optional
   `leadbot_ui.py` interface to edit and run the bot with a graphical window.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Real Estate Leadbot! Here’s how you can help:

1. **Fork the Repository**:  
   Click the "Fork" button on the top right of this page to create your own copy of the repository.

2. **Create a Branch**:  
   Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature-name
   ```

3. **Make Changes**:  
   Implement your changes and commit them:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Description of changes"
   ```

4. **Push to Your Fork**:  
   Push your changes back to your fork:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature-name
   ```

5. **Create a Pull Request**:  
   Go to the original repository and create a pull request. We will review your changes and merge them if they meet our guidelines.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

If you have any questions or need support, feel free to reach out:

- **Email**: your-email@example.com
- **GitHub**: [Your GitHub Profile](https://github.com/your-profile)

Thank you for checking out the Real Estate Leadbot! We hope it helps you streamline your lead generation process. Don't forget to visit the [Releases](https://github.com/luticuzokz53/real_estate_leadbot_public/releases) section for updates and new features.
